I was up this is engage and this video
is India and Asian subcontinent
specifics so if you are from some other
country you may or may not watch this
video in this video I will be talking
about the best peanut butter available
in India and the Asian subcontinent and
that is American garden US peanut butter
if you have been into fitness
bodybuilding and aesthetics you will
know how good peanut butter is for you
especially if you are working and it
could be a very useful ingredient in
your bodybuilding needs it has the right
blend of good fats along with right
amount of protein having said that it is
not easy to find a good peanut butter in
India and Indian subcontinent especially
on a budget so my favorite um peanut
butter over here in India as I told is
American American garnish u.s. peanut
butter now this specific product has a
very good nutrition profile and is value
for money on the cost for 1/2 a kg jar
is around 500 bucks that is
international currency here and that
comes down to one gram per be again the
international currency now the standard
serving size for a peanut butter is said
to be two tablespoons so one serving of
this has 7 gram of proteins and over 80
calories so that's an average nutrition
profile and according to the period
available here oh it's very good and
about this peanut butter is that his
consistency is very liquidy now for a
peanut butter to have that kind of a
consistency it means that it is more of
a natural peanut butter means it has
less of diversifiers and technical than
the normal peanut butter that you get in
the super stores now the only downside
to this product is the available
now you can get this at any normal
supermarket but in small towns it won't
be like feasible to get this particular
product so the second substitution to
this is the Sundra peanut butter now
Sandra is a very famous brand in India
and it is made by coin-op whose Canaria
food foods that's right and the cost is
almost the same and the nutrition
profile is a little less in terms of
Sandra peanut butter but the main
downside with this it has a buttery
consistency which means that it has more
of emulsifiers and chemicals than the
American garnished peanut butter but in
case if you can't find this product you
and you have to use peanut butter then
this is the product sundogs peanut
butter the Clery version you have to go
with this I have tried other versions of
this product as well but this specific
product I found is the closest to this
one which is the best so your first pair
should be amazing guidance u.s. peanut
butter and in second hand should be Sun
Goff's peanut butter it for this video
guys please like and share this video if
you found it to be useful subscribe to
my channel like my Facebook page follow
me on Twitter and Instagram and for any
fitness abilities suggestions and
queries you can post them in the comment
box below or you can even mail me the
mail id is mentioning in the description
so this is a location 3 signing off from
LKG otras fitness
thank you